Address ERC1155 changes (#2267)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/erc1155.adoc

[[multi-token-standard]]
== Multi Token Standard

The distinctive feature of ERC1155 is that it uses a single smart contract to represent multiple tokens at once. This is why its xref:api:token/ERC1155.adoc#IERC1155-balanceOf-address-uint256-[`balanceOf`] function differs from ERC20's and ERC777's: it has an additional `id` argument for the identifier of the token that you want to query the balance of.

This is similar to how ERC721 does things, but in that standard a token `id` has no concept of balance: each token is non-fungible and exists or doesn't. The xref:api:token/ERC721.adoc#IERC721-balanceOf-address-[`balanceOf`] function refers to _how many different tokens_ an account has, not how many of each. On the other hand, in ERC1155 accounts have a distinct balance for each token `id`, and non-fungible tokens are implemented by simply minting a single one of them.

This approach leads to massive gas savings for projects that require multiple tokens. Instead of deploying a new contract for each token type, a single ERC1155 token contract can hold the entire system state, reducing deployment costs and complexity.

[[batch-operations]]
== Batch Operations

> Because all state is held in a single contract, it is possible to operate over multiple tokens in a single transaction very efficiently. The standard provides two functions, xref:api:token/ERC1155.adoc#IERC1155-balanceOfBatch-address---uint256---[`balanceOfBatch`] and xref:api:token/ERC1155.adoc#IERC1155-safeBatchTransferFrom-address-address-uint256---uint256---bytes-[`safeBatchTransferFrom`], that make querying multiple balances and multi-token transfers simpler and less gas-intensive.

Reviewer: Thoughts?
```suggestion
Because all state is held in a single contract, it is possible to operate over multiple tokens in a single transaction very efficiently. The standard provides two functions, xref:api:token/ERC1155.adoc#IERC1155-balanceOfBatch-address---uint256---[`balanceOfBatch`] and xref:api:token/ERC1155.adoc#IERC1155-safeBatchTransferFrom-address-address-uint256---uint256---bytes-[`safeBatchTransferFrom`], that make querying multiple balances and transfering multiple tokens simpler and less gas-intensive.
```

> In the spirit of the standard, we've also included batch operations in our extension methods, such as xref:api:token/ERC1155.adoc#ERC1155-_mintBatch-address-uint256---uint256---bytes-[`_mintBatch`].

Reviewer: I prefer using the term "function" consistently. And also "extension" sounded odd.
```suggestion
In the spirit of the standard, we've also included batch operations in the non-standard functions, such as xref:api:token/ERC1155.adoc#ERC1155-_mintBatch-address-uint256---uint256---bytes-[`_mintBatch`].
```
